Software License Agreement for SlideDeck 1.x - 01-11-2010
Copyright (c) 2010 digital-telepathy (http://www.dtelepathy.com)

More information on this project:
http://www.slidedeck.com/

PLEASE READ THIS SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT (“LICENSE”) CAREFULLY
BEFORE USING THE SLIDEDECK SOFTWARE.  BY USING THE SLIDEDECK
SOFTWARE, YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS
LICENSE.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE, DO
NOT USE THE SOFTWARE.

1.	General.  The software and documentation accompanying this
License (the “Software”), whether on disk, memory or an any other
media or in any other form (“SLIDEDECK”) are licensed, not sold,
on a non-exclusive basis to you by digital-telepathy, Inc. (“dt”
or “digital-telepathy”) for use only under the terms of this
License, and dt reserves all rights not expressly granted to you.
No other rights, intellectual property or otherwise, are granted
by this license.

2.	Permitted License Uses and Restrictions: Pro Version. For the
Pro version of SlideDeck, you may use the Software as many times
as desired for your personal or business purposes.  Modification,
decompilation, duplication and reverse-engineering is not
recommended – if any modifications are made to the provided code,
no support will be offered. No distribution, redistribution or
sublicensing of the Software  is permitted for any reason . The
Software may not be used for, or in conjunction with, any illegal
services, products or practices whatsoever.

3.	Transfer. You may not rent, lease, sublicense, lend or sell
any version of the SlideDeck Software to any other person or
business.

4.	 Consent to Use of Data. You agree that digital-telepathy,
Inc. and its subsidiaries may collect and use technical and
related information about the server and domain the Software is
installed on, as well as your visitors and their interactions
with the Software. dt may use this information, to improve our
products and services and as a basis for providing statistical
analytics for our users.

5.	Termination.  This License is effective until terminated. 
Your rights under this License will terminate automatically
without notice from dt if you fail to comply with any of the
terms of this License.  Upon termination of this License, you
shall cease all use of the SlideDeck Software and destroy all
copies, full or partial, of the SlideDeck software.

6.	Disclaimer of Warranties. YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE
THAT THE USE OF THE SLIDEDECK SOFTWARE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND
THAT RISK IS ACCEPTABLE TO YOU. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS,”
WITH ALL FAULTS AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.
DIGITAL-TELEPATHY HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS
WITH RESPECT TO THE SLIDEDECK SOFTWARE, EITHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED
OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, OF SATISFACTORY
QUALITY , OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OF ACCURACY AND
NON-INFRIGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS.  DT DOES NOT WARRANT THAT
THE SLIDEDECK SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, WILL BE
UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL BE
COMPATIBLE WITH OTHER THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE, SERVERS OR PLATFORMS.
THIS AGREEMENT SUPERCEDES ALL CLAIMS MADE ORALLY OR IN WRITING
OUTSIDE OF THIS AGREEMENT.

7.	Limitation on Liability. TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW,
IN NO EVENT SHALL DIGITAL-TELEPATHY BE LIABLE FOR PERSONAL
INJURY, OR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR
LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR ANY OTHER
COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO YOUR
USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SLIDEDECK SOFTWARE, HOWEVER CAUSED,
REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY (CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE). Some jurisdictions do not allow for the limitation of
liability for personal injury or of incidental or consequential
damages, so this limitation may not apply to you.  In no event
shall dt’s aggregate liability to you for all damages exceed the
amount paid for the software license (other than as may be
required by applicable law in certain jurisdictions).

8.	Export Restrictions. You may not use or otherwise
export/re-export SlideDeck except as authorized by United States
law.  SlideDeck may not be exported or re-exported  to (1) any
U.S. embargoed countries or (2) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury
Department’s list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S.
Department of Commerce Denied Persons List or Entity List. By
using the SlideDeck software, you represent and warrant that you
are not located in any country or on any such list.

9.	Injunctive Relief. Because of the proprietary nature of the
SlideDeck software, you understand that dt will suffer
irreparable injury in the event that you fail to comply with the
terms of this Agreement, and that monetary damages may be
inadequate to compensate dt for such breach.  Accordingly, you
agree that dt will, in addition to any other remedies available
to it at law or in equity be entitled to injunctive relief to
enforce the terms of this Agreement.

10.	Governing Law. This License will be governed and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of California. If, for any
reason, a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision, or
portion thereof, to be unenforceable, the remainder of this
License shall continue in full force and effect.

11.	Refunds.  SlideDeck Pro is sold “As Is,” and there are no
refunds.  All software has bugs, and if you discover one, please
let us know.  We’ll do our best to fix them in later releases.

12.	Platform Compatibility.  SlideDeck supports Firefox 3.1+,
IE7+, Safari 3+ and Chrome 2+

13.	Complete Agreement. This License constitutes the entire
agreement between the parties with respect to the possession and
use of SlideDeck.  It supersedes all prior agreements and
understandings regarding SlideDeck.  No modification or amendment
of this License will be binding unless provided in writing, and
signed by an authorized signatory of digital-telepathy.